Mr. Xia, why?
That medicine glass has been working hard
Although it has been rising now
But it's going to plummet soon.
If you buy it now, you will pay.
So stop trading now
Already bought it?
Wouldn't that be a loss?
Don't worry, low salary.
pull platform price
Trouble Harvesting
This is the consistent way of the bookmaker
Instead of us being leeks for the dealer to harvest
It is better to buy one and work hard to be the owner by yourself
Zhuang
The essence of the operation of stocks is the same as that of commodities
The bottom line of supply and demand
The price of long-term stocks
Is determined by the company's performance
But the price of short-term stocks
This is the manifestation of supply and demand
We are in urgent need of money now
So if you want to make money from the stock market
You have to start with supply and demand
As long as we get everyone to buy ducks
Glass the dog
We'll sell it all when he goes up
We can make a lot of money
This is Zuzhuang
But
How can we get investors to snap up
Do you want to take glass?
Ouch, that's bad luck.
How can I meet you everywhere?
You bumpkins
Do you know how stocks work?
I don't know how to play stocks yet, are you?
Ah so confident
OK, take a gamble.
Bet on who has the highest return on investment
How do you gamble?
I don't lack either
Uh, bet on women
If you lose
She stayed with me all night